[shelly] Revise fix for Gen1 initialization problem for manually created Things (#17011)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.shelly/README.md

| shellyblumotion   | Shelly BLU Motion                                      | SBMO      |
| shellybluht       | Shelly BLU H&T                                         | SBMO      |

> ### Special thing types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Special Thing Types
```

Author: changed

| thing-type        | Model                                                  | Vendor ID |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ | --------- |
| shellydevice      | A password protected Shelly device or an unknown type  |           |
| shellyunknown     | An unknown Shelly device / model has been detected     |           |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| battery | batteryLevel  | Number   | yes       | Battery Level in %                                      |
|         | lowBattery    | Switch   | yes       | Low battery alert (< 20%)                               |

## Shelly BLU Gateway (thing-type: shellyblugw)

There are no additional channels beside the device group.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| battery | batteryLevel  | Number   | yes       | Battery Level in %                                      |
|         | lowBattery    | Switch   | yes       | Low battery alert (< 20%)                               |

## Shelly BLU Gateway (thing-type: shellyblugw)

> | Group   | Channel       | Type     | read-only | Description                                             |
> | ------- | ------------- | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
> 
> There no no additional channels beside the device group.
> 
> 

Reviewer: I guess there is no reason to include an empty table?
```suggestion
There are no additional channels beside the device group.

```

Author: removed

Reviewer: Sorry, I suggested also to correct a type, but have to admit it was well hidden.

Author: :-)
